so you might be wondering... WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON?!?!?!??!
don't worry so am i.
anyways. i had an idea that, what if, touhou arknights is just a boring as fuck clone.
like, why play that game instead of the real deal arknights?
also because like it was getting increasingly boring to work on. felt like making something new
the core goal of this one is just:
defend [place], kill enemies, earn, upgrade.
that's it. no need  for fancy ranges, just these things
if i don't make something cool in like... i dunno 7 days i will cry. i won't but it'll just be unfortunate.
also i missed typing these long ass texts, i should get back into doing that again!!
yeah sure that feedback ain't helpin' them at all.

anyways game:
rounds of waves, after each round, you can choose an upgrade.
so you play as (character) defending a place (what place?), from waves of enemies. each kill of an enemy you earn a resource (likely just :Power: because i'm boring), which you can use to upgrade your character (in what way?)
as for the character, that'd just be dependant on the place you're defending (idea already: each place has their own set of characters, each with their own unique abilities (but what abilities though?))
as for waves of enemies, just several rounds with their sets of waves. after each round you get the ability to use your :Power: to upgrade yourself (but in what way? items? buffs?)
for the characters and their unique abilities, i suppose the character should have a primary and two abilities with cooldowns
places... i suppose the most obvious one is the Hakurei Shrine... could play as reimu or marisa in this case (or whatever other residents that place typically has i suppose)
but another idea: the SDM. or rather more specifically, the library. could play as any of the sdm crew, defending the library
anyways today is day 4 of working on the game, i wanna get it playable on day 7 to prove it's free of scope creep
there's already like 2 touhou fangames i know of that use the library so for the sake of originality i'll go with the shrine for now
i suppose the last thing left to do is to figure out how the hell upgrading is gonna work

perhaps they'd be random blessings?
three tiers with different prices on each:
blessings cost power, but you also gain an increase in basic stats by holding power
power is more general, upgrades every stat, but you can choose to focus on one stat more with a blessing.
so you can choose between holding onto power, or buying blessings
and i believe what i'll do is separate the common, uncommon, rare into three tiers instead, and instead of buying a specific blessing you get a random one of that tier 
TIER 1:
Attack Potency: Your primary deals 10% more damage. x
Firing Speed: Increases your primary fire rate by 15%. x
Collection: You gain 10% more Power from defeated enemies.
Swiftness: Increases your movement speed by 10%.
Conjuration: Reduces the cooldown of Ability 1 by 1.5 seconds.
Incantation: Reduces the cooldown of Ability 2 by 1 second.

TIER 2:
Piercing: Your Primary can now pierce through one enemy, hitting another behind it for 50% damage.
Duplex Attack: You now fire two Primary attacks at a time in a narrow spread.
Sanctuary: For 3 seconds after using an ability, you are invulnerable.
Persuasion Needle: Pinpoint: The Persuasion Needle is now thinner but deals double damage and stuns non-boss enemies it hits for 0.5 seconds.
Boundary Ward: The Donation Box slowly regenerates health between waves.
Warding Talisman: Enemies closer to you take bonus damage.

TIER 3:
Familiar: Yin-Yang Orb: You gain a permanent Yin-Yang Orb that slowly orbits you, damaging and destroying weak enemies it touches.
Piercing: Replace your homing amulets for piercing needles. ???? wait no that'd be like, limited to one character, reimu. not good?